0T1331 - Experience Design Engineer I  (TCP_01)
 
Job Family:  Engineering - Experience Design
 
Job Family Definition:
Responsible for researching, planning and producing holistic experience concepts and specifications
that optimize the user experience across all medium (hardware, software, environment, etc), for
specific touch points of the complete solution; for the mutual benefit of both user and business.
Responsible for gaining user insights and leveraging them to drive design direction or improve
existing designs. Work within this job family falls into three major categories: (1) enhancements -
changes to original design and extensions to existing programs. (2) new experience designs (3)
strategic experience design – new or improved ecosystem experience, experience architecture, etc.
Management Level Definition:
Contributes to assignments of limited scope by applying technical concepts and theoretical
knowledge acquired through specialized training, education, or previous experience. Acts as team
member by providing information, analysis and recommendations in support of team efforts.
Exercises independent judgment within defined parameters.
Responsibilities:
Analyzes or designs portions of user experience solutions for products and service lines based
on established design requirements and principles and in accordance with design strategy,
practices, and guidelines.
Tests and gathers user experience data using established research methodology; describes
and reports data using standard metrics and methods.
Assesses or implements portions of user experience design plans, changes, specifications, and
reusable design elements for new and existing products.
Develops understanding of and relationship with internal and outsourced development
partners on user experience design and development.
Participates as a member of one or more project team of other designers and internal and
internal/outsourced design and development partners to develop holistic, high- quality user
experience solutions for low to moderately-complex projects, products, and services.
Education and Experience Required:
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Business, Design, Human Factors Engineering, Social
Sciences research, or equivalent.
Typically 0-2 years experience.
Knowledge and Skills:
Experience with or understanding of basic design principles, theories, and concepts.
Ability to perform basic user experience research, collect data, and summarize results.
Good analytical and problem solving skills.
Good written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language.
Impact/Scope:
Collaborates with peers.
Typically partners and interacts with high-level Individual Contributors.HR.HPE.COMSupport projects requiring user experience development.
Complexity:
Low.
