0T1301 - Software Designer I  (TCP_01)
 
Job Family:  Engineering - SW Engr (Applications)
 
Job Family Definition:
Analyzes, designs, programs, debugs, and modifies software enhancements and/or new products
used in local, networked, or Internet- related computer programs, primarily for end users. Using
current programming language and technologies, writes code, completes programming, and
performs testing and debugging of applications. Completes documentation and procedures for
installation and maintenance. May interact with users to define system requirements and/or
necessary modifications.
Management Level Definition:
Contributes to assignments of limited scope by applying technical concepts and theoretical
knowledge acquired through specialized training, education, or previous experience. Acts as team
member by providing information, analysis and recommendations in support of team efforts.
Exercises independent judgment within defined parameters.
Responsibilities:
Codes and programs enhancements, updates, and changes for portions and subsystems of end-
user applications software running on local, networked, and Internet- based platforms based
on specific requirements and instructions.
Executes established test plans and protocols for assigned portions of code; identifies, logs,
and debugs assigned issues.
Develops understanding of and relationship with internal and outsourced development
partners on software applications design and development.
Participates as a member of project team of other software applications engineers and internal
and outsourced development partners to develop reliable, cost effective and high quality
solutions for low to moderately- complex products.
Education and Experience Required:
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent.
Typically 0-2 years experience.
Knowledge and Skills:
Experience or understanding of software applications design tools and languages.
Good analytical and problem solving skills.
Understanding of design for software applications running on multiple platform types.
Understanding of basic testing, coding, and debugging procedures.
Good written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language.HR.HPE.COM