0T1351 - SW Engineer Quality Assurance I  (TCP_01)
 
Job Family:  Engineering - SW Engineering (Quality Assurance)
 
Job Family Definition:
Set and maintain quality standards for company products through the use of systematic processes.
Develops, modifies, and executes software test strategies, plans and suites. Analyzes and writes test
standards and procedures. Maintains documentation of test results to assist in debugging and
modification of software. Analyzes test results to ensure existing functionality and recommends
corrective action. May develop tools and environments to automate test execution. Consults with
development engineers in resolution of problems.
Management Level Definition:
Contributes to assignments of limited scope by applying technical concepts and theoretical
knowledge acquired through specialized training, education, or previous experience. Acts as team
member by providing information, analysis and recommendations in support of team efforts.
Exercises independent judgment within defined parameters.
Responsibilities:
Executes established test plans and protocols for assigned portions of code for end-user
applications, systems software, and firmware running on hardware, local, networked, and
Internet- based platforms; identifies, logs, and debugs assigned issues.
Codes and programs test scripts, automation, and integration activities based on specific test
requirements.
Develops understanding of and relationship with internal and outsourced development
partners on software applications design and development.
Participates as a member of project team of other software quality assurance engineers and
internal and outsourced quality assurance partners to develop reliable, cost effective and high
quality solutions for low to moderately-complex products.
Education and Experience Required:
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent.
Typically 0-2 years experience.
Knowledge and Skills:
Experience or understanding of software quality assurance tools and processes.
Understanding of basic testing, coding, and debugging procedures.
Good analytical and problem solving skills.
Basic understanding of design for software and firmware running on multiple platform types
Good written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language.