0T1021 - Systems/Software Engineer I  (TCP_01)
 
Job Family:  Engineering - SW Engineering (Systems)
 
Job Family Definition:
Designs, develops, troubleshoots and debugs software programs for software enhancements and
new products. Develops software including operating systems, compilers, routers, networks,
utilities, databases and Internet-related tools. Determines hardware compatibility and/or influences
hardware design.
Management Level Definition:
Contributes to assignments of limited scope by applying technical concepts and theoretical
knowledge acquired through specialized training, education, or previous experience. Acts as team
member by providing information, analysis and recommendations in support of team efforts.
Exercises independent judgment within defined parameters.
Responsibilities:
Codes and programs enhancements, updates, and changes for portions and subsystems of
systems software, including operating systems, compliers, networking, utilities, databases, and
Internet-related tools
Executes established test plans and protocols for assigned portions of code; identifies, logs,
and debugs assigned issues.
Develops understanding of and relationship with internal and outsourced development
partners on software systems design and development.
Participates as a member of project team of other software systems engineers and internal and
outsourced development partners to develop reliable, cost effective and high quality solutions
for low to moderately- complex products.
Education and Experience Required:
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent
Typically 0-2 years experience
Knowledge and Skills:
Experience or understanding of software systems design tools and languages.
Good analytical and problem solving skills.
Understanding of design for software systems running on multiple platform types
Understanding of basic testing, coding, and debugging procedures
Good written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language.