0T1041 - Test Engineer I  (TCP_01)
 
Job Family:  Engineering - Test Engineering
 
Job Family Definition:
Responsible for planning and arranging the labor, schedules, equipment and diagnostics required
for testing and evaluating both standard and special devices. Specifies tests to be performed and
provides test area with parameters for sample testing. Compiles data and defines changes required
in testing equipment and diagnostics, testing procedures, manufacturing processes, or new testing
requirements. Responsible for designing, developing and implementing cost-effective methods of
testing and troubleshooting systems and equipment.
Management Level Definition:
Contributes to assignments of limited scope by applying technical concepts and theoretical
knowledge acquired through specialized training, education, or previous experience. Acts as team
member by providing information, analysis and recommendations in support of team efforts.
Exercises independent judgment within defined parameters.
Responsibilities:
Designs portions of engineering solutions to test and evaluate systems, equipment, and
devices based on established engineering principles and in accordance with provided
specifications and requirements.
Implements and executes established test plans, schedules, and requirements for subsystems
of existing designs; builds testing tooling, fixtures, and apparatuses based on provided
specifications.
Develops understanding of and relationship with internal and outsourced partners for testing
and development.
Participates as a member of project team of other test engineers and internal and outsourced
testing partners to develop and execute reliable, cost effective and high quality test solutions
for low to moderately-complex products.
Education and Experience Required:
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Electrical
Engineering, or equivalent.
Typically 0-2 years experience.
Knowledge and Skills:
Experience or understanding of testing tools and software packages.
Good analytical and problem solving skills.
Basic understanding of material properties and hardware and electrical component design
Good written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language.HR.HPE.COM